Added instructions to get to the static IP page (#722)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-cloud/static-ip.md

With a static IP address, you can lock down the ingress and egress communications between a Tentacle in your infrastructure and your Octopus Cloud instance. The built-in worker for your Octopus Cloud instance does not use an IP address from the pool of static IP addresses.

> A list of static IP addresses your instance could be using can be found within the technical section of the instance details page. This page can be found by going to Octopus.com, logging in, clicking your profile in the upper right, then click the company name under Organization. On the next page, find the Octopus Cloud instance you want to get the IP addresses for and click Manage. On this page you will be able to scroll down and get the list of static IP addresses that your instance could possibly use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of static IP addresses your instance could be using can be found within the technical section of the instance details page. 

1. Log in to Octopus.com.
1. Click your profile in the upper right.
1. Click the company name under Organization. 
1. On the next page, find the Octopus Cloud instance you want to get the IP addresses for and click Manage. 

From this page you can scroll down and see the list of static IP addresses that your instance can use.
```
